welcome to life and level so today out
life and level we're gonna be playing
Killzone 2 and then stop that Josh your
breathe you're purposely breathing hard
to stop me from talking you got to stop
that man let's get this over with
we basically have to just beat the other
person's score so today on life in level
we're going to be playing Killzone 2 and
the premise of the competition is that
we're going to be in a stage for the
okay yes
gladiator yeah when one day we discuss
that so you saw the results of our our
little bell there no one got a kill zero
kills okay we didn't get anything so as
a result we've come to the consensus
that we will both do the consequence
that comes up on the nuke we all today
so Josh you do the others this time this
is what we're gonna do
it's gonna be way worse holy geez this
is gonna be you're right all right so
I'm feel my testicle on this hair to
make sure they didn't get crushed or
they okay oh god that was magical that
was the nice thing it kind of been a
worse job we could have been both these
each other's semen so that's the end of
our episode from this week never thought
I'd be this teabag in a vegetable bag
yeah and all this stuff
this sucks guys never ever how big bowls
though now that's sure they will be big
balls anyway so that's our episode for
this time and we'll see you next time
thanks for watching
and I keep sorry no I thought I thought
it was gone
okay goodnight
Oh Oh creamy with vegetables Oh scoffs
oh you kick it
I have never been so close to cry